fix typo + re-phrasing a bit (#57)
paritytech/ink-docs: docs/datastructures/overview.md

the moment it only provides a single low-level primitive for interacting with storage,
the [`Mapping`](https://paritytech.github.io/ink/ink_storage/struct.Mapping.html).

The `Mapping` is a mapping of key-value pairs directly to the contract storage. Its main advantage
is to be simple and lightweight. As such, it does not provide any high-level

> functionality, such as iteration or automatic clean-up. This logic should be implemented by
> smart contract authors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
functionality, such as iteration or automatic clean-up. Smart contract authors will need
to implement any high level functionality themselves.
```
